you may notice that my hair is wet
that's because i just got out of the
shower after a hard day of collecting
world records that i doubt will ever be
beaten
so that's why i kind of look like
charles manson got sprayed by a fire
hose
so i'd like to show you these world
records would be advised this is very
dangerous don't try and attempt what you
see me do here i'm a trained
professional when it comes to the rubber
vagina so i put many minutes of practice
into each of these stunts so i was able
to execute them safely
effectively and ultimately catch a world
record in the process that i believe
will stand the test of time i actually
got four world
records all four of which you'll see
they haven't been guinness certified but
i have no doubt they are world records
so
let's go ahead and dive right in so this
first record you're seeing here is most
birthday candles extinguished in under a
minute using a fleshlight
now it has to be done individually
because if you just clump all the
birthday candles together it's just
cheating like you're trying to make a
[__] wish on a birthday cake or
something that's
just not impressive and it doesn't take
a talented master of the fleshlight like
myself to pull something like that off
like typically when you think of rubber
vagina you think of me
you're like wow that's a rubber vagina
it looks so innocent when it's not in
the hands of a master deadly precision
sniper like charlie so let me just show
you why i have that reputation
you know you could have lit one and use
that one to light the rest
that's the idea of a non-world record
champion
jesus what is this candle made out of
[__] dynamite there we go
you want to get in close here for this
technique
so it has to be one at a time
try not to blast the candle in your
backpack and start a house fire
well you could have put my backpack on
the floor
it hasn't been a minute yet
now look you've done this good kid away
okay that was the limit all right that's
a new world record
now i'm sure this will come as a
surprise to all of you but i couldn't
find any evidence that anyone else had
ever even attempted this world
record i believe i am the only one that
has ever tried it and the only one who
ever
could attempt this world record because
no one else has that raw
natural god-given talent and ability
with the fleshlight like i have
it's like a real-life legend of king
arthur and excalibur i am the king
arthur and the rubber [__] is my
excalibur
this record is one i actually had to
train extensively for this is
most fleshlights held in one hand for at
least
nine seconds uh so one thing i learned
about guinness world records is there's
a record for genuinely anything
even the most dumb [__] [__] that no
one would ever think of for some reason
guinness will verify it
you know like most tennis balls held
with one hand most eggs stuffed up a
human being's [__] for 24 hours
like really dumb specific [__] so i
thought well how about
the record for most fleshlights held in
one hand
i don't know if you're gonna be able to
fit another one i think we can make it
think they're already squishing out of
your head it's like trying to fold paper
over itself
more than 20 times
it's like a bouquet
i thought that maybe stretch them out a
little bit
this is probably the limit okay
one two three
four five six
[Music]
how many were there nine fleshlights in
that
nine that's gonna be a tough world
record to be what a [__]
pick up more i trained a lot for that
record
oh yeah oh yeah
yeah i still have like five more of my
four prestigious world records this is
the one i'm most concerned about getting
beaten because the limitation for me
is my height at five foot six i also
come with
compact hands these hands they were made
for jerking off but they weren't made
for holding a large capacity of objects
so the problem was i could only fit nine
fleshlights
in you know in these meat paws these
masculine testosterone-fueled
hunks of muscle so i imagine someone
that's a little bit taller
like even like some unhealthily large
men with some huge
fingers like some [__] slenderman
hands they could probably beat my world
record and hold it for longer
but for now it is a world record and
that can't be taken away from me
and you know what else also can't be
taken away from me the [__]
incredible discount
at adamandeve.com which i will share all
of you it's code defense at
adamandeve.com to get 50
off of one item and free shipping to
anywhere in the us and canada with some
exclusions and like i said in the past i
can't recommend adam and eve enough if
there's anything you can even imagine
you can [__] yourself with it and you
can find it on adam and eve
their catalog is so robust it's just one
of the best sites there is for finding
sex
toys there's just the catalog never ends
there's just so much there so if you're
interested
it is code defense at adamandeve.com for
50 off of one item
plus free shipping in the us and canada
with some exclusions so if you're
shopping
anywhere that's not adam and eve you're
wasting your time record number three
is most rotations with two fleshlights
swung over the head like helicopter
blades in 30 seconds i was actually
really impressed with the amount of
rotations i was able to get here
and i honestly think that even if this
was a competitive category for world
record flashlights
this would be a hard one to beat this
was a very solid performance overall
from me
you're not you're not there yet oh yeah
20. it's like hulu oh my god i feel like
you're gonna
drop jindles my shoulders are popping
okay that's 30.
training's paid off and finally world
record number four is the one i'm most
proud of it was also the most
painful of the four that i got today and
it took a lot of work just to even make
it
happen the record is using a flashlight
as a jump rope getting the most jumps
over the rubber [__]
in under a minute i actually had to
figure out how to even lasso two
flashlights together since my
flashlights are a little old now
admittedly they haven't been taken care
of as well as they should have they're
very sticky they're covered in a lot of
like fuzz
dirt and grime and [__] because i've
used them for like golfing and
everything
so there's a lot of like mud dirt and
[__] on them so they're very
not optimal i couldn't duct tape them
together because the duct tape wouldn't
stick on it
and this fleshlights wouldn't go inside
of each other because they were too
sticky they didn't have any like
powder and putting lube on them didn't
help they just wouldn't
work together in this perfect unison i
needed to create a jump rope out of them
and one fleshlight isn't big enough for
a jump rope
so the way i eventually solved this and
got them both together for a jump rope
was i took tape and i used it as kind of
like
a rope kind of like how when you tie a
boat to a dock that's what i did to
these two flashlights i tied them
together and had them you know just
constantly kissing i lined them up
clitoris to clitoris
labia to labia and just tied them
together as tight as possible and it
worked they stayed together and i was
able to actually attempt the record and
get it
the sky is applauding you
i got a rhythm there
are you afraid to stop
were you afraid to stop yeah i was
throwing it so
hard four world record attempts and four
new world records all using the rubber
vagina
and hopefully all four of them will be
records that guinness will formally
acknowledge
and perhaps even put on the cover of
their next issue their next magazine or
next book
all i'm saying is very impressive world
records and i'm very glad that i was
able to achieve this prestigious honor
of being
the only man in the world with four
rubber vagina related world records
that's it see ya